Naked DNS systems don't have as much security protection as if you route through a proxy service like Cloudflare. Cloudflare is the only proxy service I support with this toolkit at the moment, but, you want to extend it to support another, you are more than welcome. The rest of the DNS systems are just naked DNS systems and I wanted to do what I could to bolster the fortifications if such a solution were to be used. 
That is why I setup the "Gateway Guardian" system which uses "basic auth" to require a user to enter a "gateway guaradian" password first just to get to the application's login page. This means that as a first level defence of your webroot, you can put up a basic auth mechanism which requires a unique password for each valid user of your system.
This creates a problem though. If you decide to go full hog on it, you will be protecting your entire webroot with a basic auth popup (or maybe just your admin area if you go half hog), but, in the case where you go full hog on it, how will your users register if they need a basic auth password to even get anywhere near your application and as you don't know them from Adam until they have registered how would you go about it. 
Fret not, in such a scenario where say you are using digital ocean DNS or Exoscale DNS the idea would be to setup an entirely separate registration server. This registration server would present some information about the process of your application as well as what the user is to expect and it would enable them to enter two things, a username and an email address. That would be it and they would get a message, "check your email in 5 minutes time" once they had supplied the registration details to your registration server. We are not so bothered about the security of our registration server (we are still bothered, of course, but, not paranoid about it) as all its database will hold is a list of usernames and email addresses (which you could require validation of when they enter them). 
What would then happen is your database machine (the one that is responsible for the gateway guardian mechanism) would have the authentication credentials and ip address of your registration server. Your database machine would then regularly probe your registration server's database directly (your registration server would have to allow connections from your database server) and extract a list of current usernames and email addresses back to the database server. You can then check in your applications database whether any of the usernames and email addresses are new and if they are, that is a new registation. You can create a user directly in the database for your application type, say Joomla, there's an example of that here: [example](https://github.com/agile-deployer/agile-infrastructure-webserver-scripts/blob/master/providerscripts/application/processing/joomla/PerformPostProcessing.sh) around about line 130. When you create a new user, you would generate a one time password for your application and the gateway guardian mechanism would pick up the new user and generate a "basic auth" entry in the .htpasswd file. The gatway guardian mechanism would email them their basic auth username and password and your script would have to email them their one time application password. For Joomla at least you can set "require new password" to force your user to pick a password of their own. 
The point is, by making the effort to have a registration server which is entirely separate you can keep the servers you are running your application on as tight as possible with the full hog gateway guardian in place. 
