#### Modus Operandi  

There are several ways you can approach using this toolkit which I will outline here.  

1. Some providers facilitate scrips such as Linode allow you to have scripts which run when a VPS system is booted. For linode, these scripts are called Stack Scripts. The very simplest way to make this toolkit available for other people to use is by using a Stack Script or equivalent. The advantage is that it is easiest to use, but, there are some disadvantages. The disadvanatages is that when you build using a Stack Script, or equivalent, it is not possible for there to be any interactivity. Therefore, all the interactivity that is possible with the other messages has been removed. This means that **if** something goes wrong with the build because a parameter is misconfigured, for example, or for some other reasons, you have to trawl throug error logs and so on which are not as clean or clear as the interactive console. Also, when you run using a stack script the "build client" is built from scratch for each deployment. The other methods use the same build client repeatedly, be it a dedicated linux instance on your desktop or a VPS system you have started in the cloud, this means that, for example, SSL certificates (for a specific domain) can be generated on the first build and reused on subsequent builds. Also, the way this is structured, the idea is to be able to use templates to define the configuration of the build process. This templates are avaialble here: https://github.com/agile-deployer/agile-infrastructure-build-client-scripts/tree/master/templatedconfigurations/templates. When you use a Stack Script, the Build Client scripts are cloned from github fresh each time which means you are limited to being able to use only the provided default templates. If you wanted to handcraft a template for some specific reason, you would have to fork the repositories and have to build using your forked repositories which include the definitions for your customised templates. The Stack Scripts are basically template overrides and you can see what values are available to be overriden, by default at line 113 (approx) of this file https://github.com/agile-deployer/agile-infrastructure-build-client-scripts/tree/master/templatedconfigurations/ConfigureTemplate.sh. If you wanted to override different values from a Stack Script you were creating, if for example, you wanted to control machine sizes from your Stack Script, then, you would have to alter this file in a forked repo to include the additional values in the manner demonstrated.   

2. The second way (if your provider does provide init scripts, or you want more control over the build process) is to spin up a dedicated build machine and then run the Expedited script. DO NOT RUN THIS SCRIPT ON A LINUX MACHINE USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE, IT WILL MAKE CHANGES TO IT. In this way, you have full control over what templates are available by modifying the files at: https://github.com/agile-deployer/agile-infrastructure-build-client-scripts/tree/master/templatedconfigurations/templates to include any template definition you want. You also get to reuse your SSL certificates (for a given domain) between builds (which is useful if you need to redeploy multiple times to production so you don't run into rate limits - development mode makes use of testing certificates not the fully trusted ones you should use for production). The Expedited process is more interactive than the init script method giving you more control and feedback should anything "go wrong". For me, it's important to have the interactive feedback, because, for example, if an SSL cerificate doesn't issue for some reason (which it will have to do for each build using an init script), then, all that will happen is eventually the build will fail and you will have to trawl back through error logs to find out why. If you are in a more interactive setup, you can tell straight away that it's because an SSL ceritificate issuance has failed for some reason. So, for me, the expedited way of running the script, on a build client that you have setup yourself and secured and can be reused for multiple builds offers quite a few advanatages. Instead of modifying an init script in a gui, you have to modify your template file in an editor. As mentioned, the templates are located at: https://github.com/agile-deployer/agile-infrastructure-build-client-scripts/tree/master/templatedconfigurations/templates and, you can craft any template you choose to generate your build from. If you are crafting your own template, the specification for the templating system is available at: https://github.com/agile-deployer/agile-infrastructure-build-client-scripts/tree/master/templatedconfigurations/specification.md  

3. The third way is to use the AgileDeploymentToolkit itself. This is a fully interactive way of running the build process on a dedicated build machine. With this method, you basically answer a whole set of questions and that is how the build process proceeds. You have to interactively choose all your configuration requirements which is great if you don't want to get involved with crafting a template and so on. It is more interactive and it is a bit more long winded. Under the ${BUILD_HOME}/buildconfiguration directory you will find a dump of your environment which will be available after each successive build. I don't, for example, provide any templates for managed databases by default, so, if you wanted to see what a managed database configuration looks like (in order to make a template of it) you could perform a build using the AgileDeploymentToolkit.sh method and then look for the environment dump under the buildconfiguration directory and craft your template using that. In this way, you would be able to deploy using the templating system to managed databases just by changing the values in your template.   

NOTE: The templates are not validated in any way, if you don't put sane information into them, then, it is likely that the build process will fail. 

NOTE2: For providers that support snapshots, the most efficient way to proceed is to perform a build which generates snapshots of your autoscaler, webserver and database and then, for subsequent builds, you can build from the snapshots which will take much less time than performing a full build. If you use snapshots, you can have your sustem up and running in 10 minutes using this toolkit, without snapshots the build process takes a bit longer. Template number 8 is an example build which generates snasphots and template 9 is an example build which deploys using the snapshots generated through template 8. 

** when generating snasphots, make sure that your account hasn't reached its quota limit. You will likely have to delete some existing snapshots or images if it has **
