There are a few solutions to providing email services for your users:

1. Allow any domain email addresses in your application, like gmail, yahoo and so on.
2. Use a mail forwarding service and ask your users to give you an email address which you then your forward domain specific emails to. This enables you to give your users a domain specific email address which they can use and will make things neater and possibly more secure, because you can set your application up such that it only accepts registrations from people who have one of your domain specific email addresses. It means that you have to have a pre-registration procedure of setting up the mail forwarder for your user such that they can register. There are quite a few mail forwarding services out there, one I have looked at is: forwardemail.net.
To maximise neatness, you might have your users create their own email address under gmail or whatever, specifically and exclusively for use with your application and the emails it generates. That way, if it is a community site, your users have all their community centred emails in one place and you can set up a forwarder to forward emails to their domain specific email adress to that specific mailbox. 
3. If you want to run your own email server, you can run one using https://www.iredmail.org/ as a solution. This is a lot more work, but, it might suit your use case the best. Remember, if you run your own mail server, it's a considerable undertaking and responsibility if people start using it for critical emails. 
