Most modern applications generate static assets during usage. In a horizontally scaled architecture, these assets need to be shared immediately amongst all the webservers and not just the webserver that they were generated through. I have adopted a flexible approach to how to make this so and you can choose which technique you would like to use.

Here are your available options:

1. Use an application level plugin to offload your assets automatically to an S3 compatible object storage system. These plugins are available for Wordpress, Joomla and so on. If you install one of these plugins into your application, then, all of your assets can be offloaded into the cloud and automatically shared between all of your webservers instantly. The limit to how many assets you can store is the limit of the S3 bucket, and obviously how deep your pockets are also. 

Here is how you can offload your wordpress static assets to S3 and use a CDN:  https://www.codeinwp.com/blog/wordpress-s3-guide/

2. At a systems level, you can set things up such that services such as Elastic File System (available on AWS) or an S3 bucket mounted as a file system using S3FS. The EFS solution is a very good solution because you can have (up to) petabytes of data and it is fast. Using S3FS should be an option of last resort, because, as someone said, S3 is not really for filesystems. S3FS will work, to an extent, but, option 1 is the preferable option even though it means more complexity in the application.

The way the toolkit works you can configure it to persist assets to the cloud at a systems level and more or less be done with it. In a world where compromises always have to be made, I would not recommend using this approach with S3FS, but, with EFS it should be solid enough for production. Most people are probably going to want to use option 1, assuming that your application has such a plugin available to it. In the scenario where your application doesn't have a plugin to be able to offload static assets to S3, you may well end up falling back to option 2 and using the S3FS solution with the associated caveats I have given as to how successful such an option might turn out to be in reality. 

Of course, if you are in development mode and you don't need to guarantee uptime and you only use one webserver, then, you can just use the filesystem on your webserver to store any assets you generate as you develop your application. In fact, this is necessary because these assets will be included in the baseline of your application when you make one. When you offload your assets to S3 or EFS, they are not included in backups and in the case of S3, the S3 bucket itself becomes the storage place for your assets and in the case of EFS it is the EFS file system. In such a case, you should look into what services your provider has, or, roll your own solution for backing up your static assets to ensure their safety. 
